Added clarified notes for Jul 11th meeting (#87)
dat-land/comm-comm: meeting-notes/28-11Jul2019.md

# Dat comm-comm meeting notes

11 Jul 2019

## People

- [Nina Breznik](https://github.com/ninabreznik) [[Wizard Amigos](https://wizardamigos.com/)]
- [Alexander Praetorius](https://github.com/serapath) [[Wizard Amigos](https://wizardamigos.com/)]
- [Martin Heidegger](https://github.com/martinheidegger) [[Consento](https://consento.org)]

## Topics

### Introduction

Nina and Alexander work together as a team in London

Martin arrived back for a bit in Osaka after the [Ledger event](https://github.com/consento-org/events/issues/1).
Presenting [https://consento.org] - the new project he is working on with [Georepublic](https://georepublic.de)
and [Port Parallele](https://portparallele.com/).

### NGI Ledger

The [LEDGER program](https://www.ngi.eu/opencalls/ledger/) is a funding project by the EU for OSS software,

> besides [consetwo other projects with links to DAT also got funding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
besides consento, two other projects with links to DAT also got funding:
```
